In this video I'll explain Fiber Channel 1 masking So all the vices in a fiber channel network are identified
by a address called the Worldwide name and we can mask which Lund's will be presented to each host based
on this worldwide name.
So for example let's take a look on the left hand side at our production ESX host and we want to give
this Prod. ESX host access to the Prod. lun.
But we don't want to give it access to the D'Evelyn and these loans are on the same storage array.
So zoning will not help us here.
So here we see we want to give this production ESX host access to the production line and we can do
so based on the worldwide name we can configure that in the fiber channel storage array which worldwide
names should have access to which lungs and whether they should have read write Read-Only or no access
so I could grant that particular World-Wide name no access on the Devlin and forbit it from accessing
that particular volume.